USE CASE DIAGRAM – WALDON HENDRICKS 204520231

	The Online Taxi System uses the following use-cases.
			
1.	login
2.	Book/cancel
View booking with Google API
3.	Availability of taxi in geographical location via Google API
4.	database
5.	logout

The actors in this system are
		
1.	Passenger
2.	System ( web services)


Use-case: login
o	The user will enter a username and a password.
•	And if the entered details are valid, the user’s details are brought to the screen (as reminder)
o	If they are invalid then an appropriate message is displayed. (Invalid details provided)


Use-case: Book/cancel
•	The user is allowed to book a Taxi on the Google API map
•	He requires and the date and time as is necessary for the user. 
•	The user has to provide details such as name, taxi number, date of travel, departure time, and can view the time /price of the taxi
•	A passenger can also decide to cancel a Taxi after the Taxi is booked.
•	The passenger has to provide details about Taxi for searching and details about him for confirmation of identity.

Use-case: view taxi Google API on map
o	The user after booking a Taxi can view a copy of the Taxi reserved.
•	The user has to provide the details about Taxi number for searching in the database and passenger name for confirming passenger identity.

Use-case: availability
The passenger can view the taxis available in the database for deciding which taxi’s Taxi he wishes to book.
 The passenger can view the details of taxis such as, Taxi number, price, departure and arrival times.


Use-case: add/delete Taxi
•	Only the administrator has privilege to add Taxis. 
•	The administrator can add the Taxi on which Taxis can be booked by the passengers.
•	The administrator has to provide details about a new Taxi such as Taxi number, price, departure time, date of travel.
•	The administrator also has the privilege to delete Taxis that are not necessary. 
•	The administrator has to provide details about the Taxi for searching and inform any passengers that have booked Taxis on the Taxi about the change and make necessary arrangements.

Use-case: database
It stores all the data that are related to this MVC Taxi system. The data include Taxi details, passenger details, taxi number details, availability details etc.

Use-case: logout
After the necessary operations have been performed on the system, the user can choose to logout from the system.

Actor: passenger
	The end-user who uses the system for booking Taxis.

Actor: system administrator
The overall administrator of the system, who does all the maintenance of details and system.




